okay welcome everyone um I would like to
uh call to order our Board of selectman
meeting for a Thursday December 12th at
701 and our first order of business is
the Pledge of
Allegiance I pledge allegiance flag
for which
it God indivisible with
liberty okay one
second um item number two on the uh
agenda is public speak so I'm going
to start with anarie
[Music]
dagel hi Jeff thank you um I'm amarie
dagel I am Vice chair of the Andover
Recreation Commission um thanks for
giving me a chance to speak um mainly
I'd like to express the rec commission's
disagreement um with statements made by
Our Town Administrator during last
month's Board of selectman meeting on
November 12th um one of the comments
made was that quote it's going to have
to be directed by the board because the
rec commission is not going to play with
anybody unless they are
forced um so so I take offense to that
as do many members of the rec commission
um I've been on the commission for over
10 years um and we have welcomed and
interacted with many individuals in the
community um who have all come out to
help us with our events and programs um
so to us that comment kind of came out
of left field if I'm being blunt um
earlier this summer we were told that
the new Senior Center Director would
would be a lays on to the recommission
and that we'd all be working together um
you know for the benefit of our
residents of all ages um and as you know
the recognition is comprised of
volunteers such as myself I mean many of
us have full-time jobs during the day um
so we host our events on nights on
weekends on holidays we do it because we
truly care about the town we care about
the residents we do it because we want
to do it um but we need to do that we
need to work together right so like most
boards and commissions we hold our
meetings at night um we're here on the
second Tuesday of each month at 6 PM um
so anybody is welcome to attend and work
with us including our new senior center
director who I also know works you know
part-time during the day so um but
regardless we would still love the
opportunity to meet with her and work
together um and I just want to say that
I know the board of selectman has always
been supportive of the recommission and
we thank you for that um but again we
are volunteers we have given much of our
time to the town many of us for many
many years so if there's something that
we're doing that you don't like or that
you would like changed just come to us
um you know for a town leader to make
statements like that on a public forum
that's disrespectful to us you know
implying some sort of wrongdoing like
with a credit card policy um whatever
that it's very disheartening to be
honest and it comes across as being very
div um divisive so we're just
ask and Marie did we lose
you
okay let's see if the internet glitch
comes back
okay I'll come back to her when she
recom when she gets back on uh Kathy
plazy
hi um I just have a couple of things um
I wanted to let the board of Selectmen
know our uh final fundraiser was well
received by the residents on November 16
and uh Carol Lee my co-chair deserves a
huge thank you for the many years that
she's helped me with this program and uh
Lisa CTS as well because uh she's always
there for us and Emily timri um actually
we put a letter into the paper into the
bulletin thanking all of our staff uh
they've just been wonderful and such
great workers um and we wanted to thank
everyone for the for the well-received
uh that the uh town really received us
well this time and we really appreciate
that thank you and also um I wanted to
let the board of slman know that our
last senior luncheon uh meal for
2024 will be held on Friday December
20th at the community and senior
building at uh noon time and we welcome
any and all of you uh to this last meal
and we thank you for your kindness and
your Awesome Reach support for the for
the many years uh that we've uh been
doing this and also I wanted to
personally thank everyone on the board
of Selectmen for all the support they've
given me uh for the 20 plus years that
I've served our seniors and volunteered
for the town everyone should take a turn
at some type of
volunteering um for the community it's a
great feeling it leaves you with a nice
warm fuzzy feeling and lastly um not on
personal but on a um from the art
Republican Town committee I wanted to uh
gentle remind the board of Selectmen
that the Republican Town committee
endorsed Alicia Lee to represent the
town to replace Paula King's position
and to I would like to wish the board of
Selectmen a merry Christmas and a happy
New Year thank
you thank you Diane Grenier
there we
go all these buttons um hello good
evening everybody and I um also wish
everybody a Merry Christmas and happy
New Year um this will be our last
meeting for the year yippe um I just
wanted to to mention that uh this week I
I rode by um the Oldtown Hall and
noticed it's in great need of some power
washing and I was wondering if that's
going to be on somebody's uh agenda um
budgeted I don't know if that's a
historical society beautification
committee or something that Willie takes
care of but it it's looking um poorly
and should needs a power washing badly
so I just throw that out to you so thank
you very much that's
it thank you very much uh Scott soet
sorry I couldn't find the mute I I'm
just listening
okay uh Shannon
lden thanks Jeff um once again I'm just
here to um encourage the board of
Selectmen to choose Alicia Lee as your
newest member I want to say I know B and
Dave are terrific people but I think
that Alicia is the best candidate for
the board of Selectmen she grew up in
Andover she's lived here all her life
and she chose to buy a home here and she
knows quite a lot about Andover um
having grown up as her mother's daughter
and knows a lot about the administration
of the town but I also want to note that
a lot of people said oh it's just like
having Carol Lee on the board of
Selectmen anybody who knows Alicia knows
she is her own person um she is Carol's
daughter and has that um she is like
Carol in that regard has her own
opinions and has her own way of doing
things and would be a terrific Choice um
and finally I I just want to note again
she was the one chosen by the Republican
Town committee um after a contested um
election there were a number of
candidates who went forward with the RTC
and as the co-chair of the DTC if that
were me I would like our choice to be
honored that's all I have Merry
Christmas and happy New Year everyone
thank
you Elaine bot
cart um yeah I I I do like I like Alicia
Lee I know Alicia Lee um but I did want
to put in
um a message in in favor of Bata um I
I've met Bata from being on our Economic
Development commission and she is high
energy she knows a lot of what's going
on with marketing uh she's a real estate
agent so she knows a lot about uh
properties um and she's just been a
delight to have on the economic
development commission um and so when I
heard that she was looking for the board
of Selectmen I was excited about that
you know so I would definitely put in a
a plug for Bata she's uh she hasn't been
in town long but the amount of time she
has been in town she's been very much
involved uh in wanting to um make sure
that our our town is uh is moving
forward um so that's it just wanted to
put in my two cents thanks okay Liz
lat uh no uh nothing tonight just uh
listening and Merry Christmas to
all Chris Hamilton
Jeff Chris is the rep from uh my senior
center he'll be presenting later no
problem thank you um oh I think this is
Wally Barton but I don't know Wally
owner yes it's me Jeff Wally I am waving
to you on screen thank you Jeff we wave
every day that's right uh just a comment
uh Linda and I sent a letter to the
board of selectman last month about an
issue we had in the town build office
building and our early voting and same
day registration and we haven't really
gotten anything back formally from the
board and just a reminder that come
November again we're looking at 14 days
of early voting and same day
registration for the municipal election
so we'd like the consideration of the
use of the community room for that in
the fall and that's about it
okay
carolly hi on behalf of the Recreation
Commission item
10e on your agenda credit card usage
discussion the Recreation Commission
doesn't have a problem with the credit
card policy because it basically errors
the one that we currently have in effect
it just more clearly defines some of the
rules however we do have an issue with
uh page five of Eric's credit card
presentation uh that designates test
grous as the supervisor of our
commission who oversees our budget again
it was explained to us that we are
advisory to her not vice versa and I did
just want to point out that we are not
in favor of that at all designa who uh
test as being in charge of our budget
thank you okay Emily
timri I'll wait to the end to um make
some comments thank you okay Joanne
Eber I'm here to listen thank you all
set Kimberly
psan just listening thank you
though Leanne
Hutchinson yes hi um I want to wish
everybody merry Christmas as well I I
wanted to quickly say thank you for two
things one is I believe it was a week
ago Tuesday before we had the several
inches of snow we had a week ago um we
did have some snow and um bunker Hill
Road was icy and your trucks were out so
um even though there was it didn't look
like very much snow at the time it was
quite icy so I'm glad that the town
chose to plow and um treat the roads
that day and I see that some sort of
materials are being implemented to try
to improve the Acoustics in the
community room which is a topic that
I've mentioned here on public speak so
I'm not sure what the plan is but I'm
glad that um an attempt
sounds like it's being made no pun
intended um to improve the Acoustics and
the the ability to communicate in that
room okay thank you um I have a phone
number that ends in
4294 that's Kim hws I'm just listening
thank you okay uh did I miss
anyone okay if I did Miss anyone I would
like to participate in public speak for
two quick
seconds oh wait a second before I get
started anarie dagel is
back uh anarie I can't see you where
you're at but if you would like to
finish public
speak she's still connecting sorry
and
Marie if you would like we'll give you
the opportunity to finish your
comments I'm not sure when my screen
froze so I apologize um I didn't even
realize that it froze um again I just
wanted to say that I know the board of
selectman has always been supportive of
the rec commission and we appreciate
that um but again we're volunteers we've
given much of our time time to the town
of Andover some of us you know many many
years even before you know I came on
board but um if there's something that
we're doing that you don't like or you
want to see changed come and talk to us
you know to have Town leadership make
statements on a public forum really
isn't the way to do it I mean it's
disheartening it comes across as very
divisive again if we're going to
continue to do these things we need to
do them together um so we're just asking
you as a board to please consider that
thank
you all right did I miss anyone
else anybody want to put their hand no
okay uh I have a couple quick questions
I comments I'm holding up the River East
anybody wants to take a picture of me in
the River East and put it in there I'd
be fine um this issue of the River East
there was a nice letter in and I usually
I do not write to the River East I do
not engage in the banter back and forth
I want to thank the River East first and
foremost
for eliminating all national issue
editorials um I think it's been very
beneficial to the town of Handover to
not have all of the discourse that has
been laundered in uh the editorial
sections done um and I hope that the
River East will continue that moving
forward but I did want to bring to the
attention and I'm sure a lot of you read
it that um on page five of this issue in
a
and a note from one of our residents um
I was
uh it was it was made plain that I
attempted a coup on the government of
the town of Andover and if if I have
done that I apologize I thought we were
all voting in a a referendum on issues
that were brought up by a charter
revision commission and um I kind of
chuckled at that that someone like Bob
Hamburg a graduate of
mit's board uh School of Engineering and
Jeff Maguire a graduate of the
University of Connecticut uh from with
an accounting degree or the School of
Business um were attempting a coup on
the town of Andover and that is how it
is uh by definition a coup is a violent
a throw overthrow of a duly elected
government which would mean I'd have to
kill myself so I just like to sit there
and bring that out that that the
discourse that we have in uh local
politics or politics in general doesn't
need to be that way I think it just
needs to be that we will disagree
sometimes and hopefully if we disagree
we can come to a resolution that
everybody works for so I just wanted to
bring that out that those types
of those types of of rants to the public
do nothing to uh try to get people of
quality ification to come and do these
jobs and try to work for the benefit of
the community so uh if people out there
think I attempted a c I apologize I
didn't I don't even have a gun license
so um I figured I'd just bring that out
because this is my forum and this is
where I choose to do the good work of
the community uh so anyway now we can
move on I'm done with public speak for
my part
so we are moving moving on to item three
additions and changes to the agenda does
anybody want to add or delete anything
from the current agenda Jeff Murray I'd
like to add 11c Community Center staff
programs and
reviews staff
reviews we can actually call Community
Center staff reviews staff and program
reviews and I'd like to add 11d Public
Works auctions
work
EXs okay anybody
else anybody want to Second those two
items I'll second okay all those in
favor
I
okay um item four board and commission
presentations do we have any I didn't
see any in the pack
we do not okay item five appointments do
we have any there are none okay uh item
six resignations the resident state
trooper Sebastian Nishi has resigned he
will be leaving his post as the resident
state trooper ofand over at the end of
this month I believe Eric correct okay
um there is oh sorry no go ahead I was
going to say there is one additional one
the assistant town clerk has submitted
her
resignation
okay theres terz is
resigned okay so um back to Sebastian
I'd like to publicly thank Sebastian for
his years of service he has been um very
interactive and has represented the the
state police uh incredibly well in the
town and Andover and has done a very
good job and and on top of that he has a
pretty good singing voice so I'd like to
thank Sebastian publicly for his time
spent in Andover and wish him well in
the future all right
um on the other issue on the other
resignation we'll deal with that later
um I don't think it needs to be dealt
with right now so uh item seven uh does
anybody else have any other issues
related to the resignations any other
issues no item seven uh presentation
from my active uh Senator um Chris
Hamilton floor is
yours uh well thank you for having my
name is Chris Hamilton I'm from the
organization my senior center um we
provide software to communities and
Senior and community centers around the
country we're based in Massachusetts but
we're fortunate enough to work with over
2,000 communities across the country
including 70 in Connecticut I had an
opportunity to present the the my senior
senators and my active senator
uh system to Eric and Tess uh a couple
of months ago and thought it would be a
good opportunity to give everybody an
overview here at this uh organization at
this forum rather I am going to share my
screen hopefully this works out the way
that it's that I'm planning just to give
you a more of an overview of who we are
this is we're we're actually officially
in December now so it's our 20th
anniversary so we've been doing this for
20 years uh you don't have to applaud
that's all right thank you but um this
is this is all we do is work with
communities around the country to
implement software based system to help
with uh automating check-in better data
collection online registration give
people a way to leverage their
community-based resources in a a more
efficient way so that the staff at
Community Center doesn't have to worry
about keeping track of things on paper
uh I heard credit cards mentioned a
couple of times we do have credit card
uh processing built into our our system
so that if anyone is signing up for a
class or a program that has a fee
associated with it they can even pay for
those things right through the my active
Center system um I I have about 20
minutes is that right
Jeff uh 20 20 20 minutes if you can do
it shorter that would be appreciated I
can I can so the only reason I asked
that is because I want to show you a
couple of pictures first before I give
you a quick overview of what it does
part of the my senior center system
system is that there's a touchscreen uh
check-in system that can be in the
senior center itself this is where
people will scan the card touch the
screen for the things that they want to
do that eliminates the need for signin
sheets for paper based processes so that
uh test now has all that information and
access to who is doing what sort of
programs to be able to supply
reports we also Supply as I mentioned
earlier an online registration system uh
the online registration is there's a
public facing website my active Center
that people can go to from their their
own home computers their smartphones
their tablets see all the different
activities that are going on and sign up
for those activities right from the
comfort of their own device and then
when they walk into the center or if
it's something happening at the
gymnasium they go there they're already
signed up if it's has a fee associated
with it they could have already paid
online and it takes care of all that
management of those types of things uh
by using the software system
if there are offsite events things like
you know an activity in a parking lot or
something like that there is the
opportunity to check in uh at other
locations as well uh the credit card
processing I this is a little I can see
that it's a little staggered as it pops
up on the screen but credit card
processing we also have even integration
with virtual programs so if you wanted
if if the center the community center
wanted to have a a zoom class open to
the public they can actually manage that
all through our software send out
invitations automatically and people can
just click on the link and sign check in
for those things uh right through their
Zoom interface from their own computer
and then the program programming can
continue and really this is about
eliminating a lot of paper based
processes streamlining uh the backend
management of keeping track of
scheduling keeping track of who's coming
to these different activities and then
ultimately the reporting being able to
get nice clean data out of the the
system to be able to say here's how many
people used our great Community Center
here's how many people signed up for
adult basketball here's how many people
are doing these types of things and then
even slicing and dicing it to drill down
to the demographic level information to
see you know how many people between the
ages of 70 and 79 participated in these
programs versus those who are in their
60s so it gives you access to all that
sort of
information so I wanted to to leave the
floor open for people to ask questions
about uh the my senior center and my
active Center system or anything about
how it could be
used so the system is going to allow us
to coordinate all of our different
Assets in the scheduling related to
those assets so that we have it in one
place that is the basic just a it yes
and and not knowing the full roster of
those assets to which you refer I
hesitate to jump into that fully but
most likely yes we have the center we
have the center we have a gymnasium and
we have a field
perfect am I missing anything from
anybody
else
okay
it
okay anybody else with any other
questions is there anything else you're
you're you're bringing to us Chris or is
this was that the last page that well I
mean I I have lots more but I wanted to
be sensitive to the amount of time I
wanted to even show you some things
about what it does um one of those is of
course the touchscreen check-in system
uh but before I go into that one of the
other things I wanted to mention is part
of this system also gives the community
center the ability to send out broadcast
Communications just on their own sort of
a reverse 911 system so they can say
show me all the people that are
interested in these programs and I have
to let them know that due to the
snowstorm we're we're postponing that
program they can just with 30 seconds
pull up the list of people uh record a
message using their own phone and then
it my senior center sends it out for
them so that can be done in voice text
or email communication to really help
streamline Communications with people
who are participating in the different
programs uh so at the center I want to
show you this touchscreen Acton is where
I live in Acton Massachusetts uh if you
see in my little camera view I've got a
key tag so each participant at the
center will have a key tag that's been
assigned to them um they'll walk into
the center wave that tag in front of the
screen uh information anything that's
relevant to them for perhaps their their
annual membership fee is about to expire
pops up on the screen and then they
touch the activities on the screen for
whatever it is that they're going to be
doing that day uh yes I'm not going to
sue the center I can even sign so it can
pop up an exercise waiver or anything
like that on the screen uh they're also
going to be doing yoga they hit finish
and then they're off and into the center
now on that screen you might have
noticed this is this is a senior
specific application so this is large
font bright blue on the white background
so we worked with the American Society
on Aging when we were designing this 20
years ago to give us guidance on the
right font size and color palet so the
people with limited visibility would
have the best opportunity to be able to
use the screen so we've we've had that
built in there from the beginning the
online registration system uh is
something that can be used by everybody
regardless of age for the different
programs that are going on um this is
something that I again I mentioned it
can be used from a computer from a
tablet from a smartphone they can log in
here see all the different things that
are going on within your community all
the different assets that you have the
gymnasium the field and the community
center and they can sign up for those
things right from here so if if this is
a free program great I just add it to my
cart doesn't actually cost me anything
we've got a little proximity algorithm
going on over there so you can see what
else might be interesting and then I can
go ahead and add that in so I also have
to renew my annual membership fee so I
can do that right here on the screen if
I want to and pay for that thing or
because I happen to have Wallet balance
avail available to me so I've got money
on my account in the community center or
within the town whoever actually is
using this thing so I can decide to
leverage my existing uh credit balance
that I have on my wallet and pay for
those things that way otherwise I would
have put in my credit card information
uh or if if you don't take credit cards
you don't want to yet you could say yep
I'll pay that later when I get to the
center or I'll write a check uh but this
is really nice way to do it you can
print out your own receipt you can email
this receip to yourself and again the
idea is to streamline a lot of paper
based processes and uh things that
normally would take a lot of human
involvement to take care of and manage
all of that stuff can be done within the
software system so that's what I wanted
to show you again being sensitive to the
time I didn't want to overstay my
welcome uh but to give you an idea of
what it looks
like okay do any of the other members of
the board have any questions uh for for
Chris and and the product that he's
showing
us Eric and test did you uh go to you
must have had a meeting with Chris did
it seem like a good system that everyone
is going to be able to
use I'll say from my part we had a
demonstration here um an hour an hour
and a half long demonstration which went
a lot more in depth into its features um
we also visited another Senior Center
that had this system um and watched how
the people uh both on the administration
and as well as the public interacted
with it and I was very impressed with
how seamless the experience was for
people coming into the center and then
also on the administrative end you know
how the person in charge you know was
able to change programming put
programming and kind of administer the
system so I I overall I think it's a
pretty good fit for us but you know
obviously it comes with some
cost right I was wondering what the cost
is we're just starting out so I was than
how much it's going to
cost sure so the the pricing information
that I gave to Eric and I think that you
included that in your packet information
Eric um it's it's $4,800 in year one and
then ,700 a year annually after that so
starting in year two and that includes
the touchscreen computer and all the
software elements that I've just shown
you plus access to our tech support team
uh who are available from 8:30 in the
morning till 8:30 at night 5 days a week
um it also includes the webbased
training initial import of any client
data that you might have in electronic
format like a spreadsheet uh worst case
we can get information from uh town
clerk about the census level information
and import that in there so lots of
different ways to get that data in there
but all that cost is wrapped up in that
initial
$4,800 is that the Advertising based
platform or that is yes that is the
sponsor based platform um the other one
is I think it's I'm forgetting what my
Connecticut price is we have a lower
price for Connecticut than other states
well than other non- New England states
uh I believe it's $8500 for the non
sponsor based version
okay anyone
else what if somebody forgets their
check-in
tag still get in still get in Scott I
was hoping someone would ask me that
that's the sign in I don't have my tag
button right up here so they can access
it with their first name and their phone
number it
and I'm just sometimes I have difficulty
with figuring out stuff on the computer
is this a pretty simple program for test
or wherever else is in the community
center managing this how much computer
knowledge do you have to have Pro to
utilize the touchscreen you know no
computer knowledge at all most people
tell us it's easier to use than the ATM
and and nobody showed me how to use that
uh on the staff side of things we like
to tell people that uh in order to make
the the best use of the staff function
to do the scheduling to run the reports
to manage the client database if you've
ever had experience with Microsoft Excel
and have a relative proficiency of that
you don't have to be an Excel Guru but
relative proficiency with Excel then
you're going to handle this just fine uh
we do have a full training team that
works with people to get you off the
ground so working with test from the
very beginning to show her how to do
everything how to build the activities
build the scheduling how to run reports
so that that's all part of the initial
package um and you know fortunately for
us we've been doing this for a while we
work with over 2,000 different
communities around the country uh we've
got nearly three million seniors
interacting with our touch screens on a
daily basis and somewhere on the
magnitude of 50 to 60,000 staff members
logged in every single
day okay um anyone else have any other
questions for Chris
Chris thank you very much for your time
we appreciate it thank you Chris getting
back through Eric and and Tess to you uh
regarding what we what we can get done
excellent thank you enjoy the rest of
your evening y thank you Chris
appreciate it all right thank you guys
byebye okay uh we're going to move on to
item eight uh appointment of a new board
of selectman member uh candidate
interviews um I had reached out to all
of the prospective candidates on the
list um I spoke to Dave ganian he is uh
he's withdrawing from
consideration um so he is not uh we will
not be hearing from Dave um
so unless anyone else has any other
issues I'm going to move on to um bata
bata um as I had spoken to you before an
Alicia five minutes for uh presentation
and then um field some questions from uh
the members of the
board okay all right you're up all right
good evening everyone uh my name is
biata gdowski most of you know me some
of you don't um but I am a dedicated
business owner Community Advocate and
proud resident of Andover with a
background in business administration
and over a decade of experience in
business management Financial Planning
and operational leadership I am
passionate about using my skills to
support the growth and well-being of our
town
from leading my own real estate business
to my time managing teams at Enterprise
I've developed a strong foundation in
strategic planning negotiation and
problem solving that I believe would
benefit the board of Selectmen I am
genuinely committed to making Andover an
even better place to live ensuring we
maintain our community's character while
embracing opportunities for sustainable
growth since moving to Andover I've
become more involved in town activities
because I would like to see the younger
demographic represented on our town
boards and committees a little bit more
I'm not someone who sits back and waits
for things to change when I see
opportunities for improvement I take
action and that's why I'm here to be a
proactive voice and to contribute to
andover's
progress recently I did join the
economic development commission as you
heard alen say as both a business owner
and a strong supporter of local small
businesses my goal there is to help
current local businesses succeed and to
attract more businesses to Andover this
not only boosts our local economy but
also helps reduce the tax burd on
residents making our town more
sustainable and financially balanced I
bring a unique perspective because I
actually live in a multigen generational
household my mother who lives with me
and participates in many senior
activities has provided me with a deeper
understanding of the senior community's
needs especially since I have been
attending senior lunches and events with
her over the past six months at the same
time I am a parent with kids in Andover
elementary school so I see firsthand
what's important for families and young
children in Andover
over my years I've gained sub
substantial experience working in
diverse Dynamic groups to set and
Achieve goals and solve complex problems
I work well under pressure and always
approach challenges with an open mind
listening to different perspectives to
find the best solutions for everyone
involved above all I'm genuinely
invested in andover's future on many
levels I want to see our town continue
to grow and flourish as a place where
people of all ages can Thrive I am
committed to supporting initiatives that
help Andover remain a w welcoming
vibrant and prosperous community and I
thank you all for your consideration and
your
time all right thank you um thank you
any members of the board have any
questions for
Bata okay um beata that was
easy um oh I like to keep it Jeff that's
it thank you for your for your time and
for uh putting your name in the Hat it's
greatly appreciated uh I I definitely
appreciate people that will sit there
and put their name forward to sit there
and take these roles because they're all
a volunteer and they're they're they're
not really paid so thank you for putting
your your name out there it's
appreciated right um Alicia Lee you uh
hello Hi how are you good how are you um
I just wanted to thank everyone for
their consideration and giving me this
opportunity uh the reason why I wanted
to come forward and and volunteer and be
considered for this position um I've
been a lifelong resident of vover born
and raised here I love the town that's
why I chose to buy a house here I don't
have children but I have niece and
nephews that are active in the school
system that I love and they're
everything to me um I have a background
in I went to school so I have my
bachelor in nursing but I switched
careers and I have my m master's degree
in Mis business management and public
health I run a a business I'm a managing
partner so I run a restaurant so I am
very time I'm very detail oriented I
have a good use of time management
people skills customer service
communication and cash management um I
bring 10 years experience handling
budgeting inventory profit and loss HR
and Staffing of 40 plus
employees and I would really like this
opportunity thank
you je you're
muted I apologize for that I'm sorry uh
Alicia thank you very much for that uh
do any other members have any questions
for
Alicia okay Alicia that was easy thank
you very much for coming forward it's
greatly appreciated I like to keep it
short and sweet
I appreciate that um so we don't have
any anything for Dave any of the other
members have anything for either one of
the
candidates okay um Eric I think I am the
co-host so what was uh what am I
required to do to move to Executive
session for candidate
discussions uh you have to motion to go
into executive session um and then you
have to remove everybody
or you can let me remove everybody and
then at the end you can remove me okay
well you're not removing them you're
just putting everybody in the waiting
waiting room all right
um I please put everyone into the
waiting room I'll make a motion that we
move to Executive session for candidate
discussions okay got a second anybody
second a second all
right okay uh Eric you've rejoined the
meeting yes correct okay um we are on to
item 8 C nomination and appointment of
board of selectman candidate to replace
Paula
King
Bata I'm gonna mess up
this
Bata gamsky that right
I'm um I'd like to nominate Bata I'll
second that
uh all in favor I I all
opposed okay
22 I'd like to nominate Alicia Lee for a
select
position second
that all those in
favor all those
opposed 2 two um we're going to move on
from this uh apologize to the candidates
um uh hopefully that you know we could
have done this a little differently but
again I apologize uh thank you for uh
coming forth and
um again I apologize we're g to move on
to item nine uh the town administrator's
report okay I'm gonna share my
screen so I'm mostly gonna talk about
the things that have occurred since I
gave you the original report which is
just a couple days
ago uh again just the note that the
assistant town clerk has
resigned um as far as the resident state
trooper goes the troop should be
assigning us a temporary resident state
trooper in the next week um so Sebastian
has a chance to show them around the
town uh before they transition I would
really like to thank Sebastian for the
last three years of service to the town
as a resident state trooper he was uh a
pleasure to work with um I did pull the
board earlier in the week about locking
in for both the heating oil and diesel
fuel we did lock in today uh we use a
lot more diesel fuel than heating oil so
that's the one I focus on uh we locked
in this year at uh 257 a gallon um which
was down from uh 290 a gallon last year
so that's good um happy with
that uh and interrupt me if you have any
questions the fire department was able
to sell that second fir Tru they had as
you remember the board of Selectmen gave
them P permission to broker both their
vehicles because the dealer was only
going to give them a $115,000 credit for
both vehicles for turning them in so
they've now managed to sell both the
vehicles for considerably more than that
so I think that worked out pretty well
um it's looking like the new Squad
vehicle uh will be delivered in the
march to May T time frame that that's
all the
information uh we have about that um all
the department heads um and committees
have gotten their budget worksheets for
the year and they're du back to around
January
1 um
so the uh Bunker Hill bridge I did
submit an 8-24 statutory referral on
behalf of the board of Selectmen that's
a regulatory thing where they have to uh
uh weigh in on any major Municipal
Improvement um and so I did send that
they uh did reply in the affirmative and
I do have the letter to that um as I
talked um last month we are working with
Webster Bank on uh coming up with the
exact terms and conditions for a line of
credit for the town uh to be used for
the Bunker Hill Bridge Project um the
town's attorney says that we'll need to
go to town meeting so we need to
probably plan on that in the
uh January or February uh time frame um
again that is to pay that is to
essentially provide swing financing from
between the time we get build by the
contractors and the time we get
reimbursed by the state and federal
government this is fully funded between
state and federal dollars but we are on
the hook to pay the
contractors um so so uh barring anything
major that's you know one month to two
months or so between the time um we get
charged and we can get
refunded now we do have about a half
million dollars in the uh Bunker Hill
Bridge fund so the smaller months we can
pay inhouse but there's going to be at
least one or two big months when they're
delivering the main uh Bridge members
where we're going to be out of pocket
somewhere between $700,000 million so
the treasur is recommending that we go
for a line of credit um as opposed to
taking it all out of unexpended fund
balance um okay let let's let's Circle
back to that because isn't the issue
that we're going for a line of credit
because our general fund Monies are in
the stiff account earning
interest well that in some ways makes it
smarter to
finance through a line of credit um
because even if we end up paying 7%
interest or 8% interest we're getting 5%
interest on the money that's in the
account so it is a net benefit but it's
also a question of what happens when we
put out a million dollars you know and
we get hit with a natural disaster we've
chewed up a pretty significant portion
of our unexpended fund
balance um so that's her rationale for
thinking that that's a smarter way to
approach
it okay we before we draw on that we
really need
to have a conversation and understand
because to me there's zero reason to pay
interest any any extra
interest on monies that we have
available that are in the general fund
they're just in the stiff account and
they may be earning 5% and the line of
credit might charge us 7% so I want to
make sure that the town is not incurring
any additional interest cost because of
the choice of using this I get it if
there's money that's not available but
that's not the position that this town
is in
so
um
if up I agree with setting it up I I
really want to understand the usage
requirements
okay
so how do you wanna what it what is it
that you want what's my deliver you're
all you're all so Eric what you're doing
is you're going through and you're
setting up the line of credit I'm okay
with that what I want to make sure we're
clear of is why we're using it and when
we're using it right and what I'm saying
is we're just going through and getting
the bank information for what the terms
of that line of credit will be we're not
I don't think I'm not authorized to sign
for a line of credit on behalf of the
town that would be something the board
of Selectmen and finance would have to
agree to but we don't even have the
basic the outline of the agreement yet
so I'm just saying we're working through
getting that information to you
understood Y and I'm going to the next
step we put it in place it's already in
place why are we using the money and
that's that's the question that's going
to be my question like I don't want to
sit there and see the town incur
additional interest costs when we have
money that's sitting in an account
earning less money than the potential
interest rate on the line of credit that
that's where I'm at so we'll sit there
and get to that point put the line
Credit in place I've signed the
paperwork to sit there and try to get
the uh to give the information they
needed related to my position so um move
forward but understand that we really
got to work on why we're going to use
the money understood
understood okay um
so just a reminder that there will be a
refling ceremony for wreaths Across
America Saturday at the veterans
Monument Park um Joe Courtney uh you
know representative Courtney uh will be
there as will Steve Weir um MD Ramen has
not uh um said back yet one way or the
other whether he will or will not be
able to make it
what it is at
noon
okay okay uh there are two things
related to AES one I just got it today
so it's not in the packet I will send to
the board of Selectmen what I received
from the the Board of
Education um for their proposal for
hiring an MEP uh for the bathroom
renovation
project um and I also got a request to
sign documentation for the solar project
I'm going to forward that to the board
that's another one where I don't really
think I have the authorization to sign
that that's got to be a board of
Selectmen review and
discussion uh community center updates
aren't
really uh changed if anybody on the
board of Selectmen or anybody else wants
to be part of a decision-making project
of figuring out what furniture would be
appropriate for the community room to
reconfigure that as a full-time meeting
space I'd love to help uh on
that um and long or the uh Bunker Hill
bridge is still tentatively scheduled or
more close to more realistically
scheduled for work to start in the
beginning of February with the utility
relocation and then about April 1 the
road being en closed in major
construction occurring um the school has
been notified of that because that will
affect uh the bus routes um so but but
that's that is moving around we should
be getting to the tree cutting that will
be the town's
responsibility uh hopefully by the
middle of next week that is the plan for
that um that's it those are them kind of
changes to my report um and I'm happy to
take any questions relative to
that um the one question on the
assistant Tom clerk did she uh take
another job yes she
did okay in another town clerk's office
yes Eric Where is the uh the Hutcherson
Road the talks with the do in Hutcherson
Road has any talk about it
lately not lately I did bring that up
actually yesterday with the town
engineer you know and reminded them that
I needed him to make progress on that um
because I don't want to be stuck with a
road closure there um if that Culvert
does fail fully um that he needed to to
line that up with the do and start
working on that
again anybody down to check on that
cover I looked at it about a month
ago uh I haven't looked at it you know
kind of since
then we had a lot of rain yesterday yeah
um all right uh any other questions for
the Town
Administrator and Jeff anything I was I
was wondering where the welcome the
endover sign installation is
going uh well the contractor has said he
has it built uh the Public Works Foreman
has dug the holes and flattened off the
area as he requested so uh hopefully he
will get in and put the sign in at some
point but I don't have a firm date for
them the man who built the sign who's
going to put it in now is that it yes
okay okay anything else for
Eric all right we're going to move on to
item 10 old business discuss and act
upon the community center signage
discussion uh this one's kind of on me I
still need to sit there and get the the
drawing we were talking about a backlit
sign and some different options and uh I
need to sit there and and work on that
and get that done
so that one is more on me than anybody
else okay any other issues on
that 10B discussion will light and level
of
involvement Eric that is on
page eight of this package are there any
issues that you want to address with us
or anything that we need to deal
with uh I don't think there's
anything uh at this point that needs the
board of selectman involvement I'm just
you you would ask for a monthly updated
uh schedule so I got that from the uh
zoning enforcement officer who's working
well and and we're we're in the middle
of transitioning that from Jim Hy to uh
Wayne the new who will be the new CEO uh
sometime in the next month or
two okay any of the members of the board
have any issues they want to address
related to the the
list Jee can I back up real quick I just
had to step out for a minute uh
Eric's administrative report I just
wanted an update on the fans in the gym
and where we're sitting on the uh garage
for the buses on Center Street because I
didn't see that in your
report no so as far as the fans go um I
finally this week gave up on uh C Ward
so I had gotten two bids one complete
bid from Lenco one bid from C Ward that
didn't include any of the controls and
I've been trying for a couple of months
to get him to give me a full proposal
for that that included the controls but
he's just not gotten it so I told uh
Leno today that they would uh I would
give him the the job for that um and I
left it on the finance assistant Finance
directors to order the dstp fans so my
goal is to order the DRP fans next week
um you know so we can schedule uh so we
can get that ready to roll okay I just
um yeah if you need any help link needs
any technical assistance or help uh I'm
sure I could help or I could even
probably uh get Bob Herberger to pitch a
pitch in sure he's a controls guy so he
could probably help us too yeah
understood understood um frankly the
Center Street project I have not put any
effort into that in the last month or
month and a half um I know that project
needs to get done but right now I have
more projects than I can practically
administer um I'm trying not to let that
one slip by um but I also haven't made
any progress on it I'll be the first to
admit that so do you need some help from
the board to kind of prioritize things
or do you need like just give us a list
of your projects and we kind of got
prioritize things the way we want to do
it or I don't know how what the rest of
the board thinks about that I mean that
that garage has been kind of sitting on
our radar for a while now and yeah and
and I mean it was stalled for a long
time because I couldn't get the I
couldn't get it through shipo but I
finally got shipo approval um you know
so yeah okay what's the timing on the
grant
uh we got quite a while before we have
to worry about coming up on the end of
that and we can always ask for an
extension it's not a question of that
it's really just a question of approach
and the other thing just being realistic
about that one is that
Grant
is uh because we had assumed that was
not a prevailing weage project once the
the Department of Labor made it clear
that was a prevailing wage project that
is going to bump the costs up pretty
considerably now part of what I'm trying
to do is with the the field project and
the project for the playgrounds and
pickle ball courts and kind of the phase
two of the Riverside Drive project is be
able to use the majority of the town's
contribution as labor in kind by Public
Works um if I can do that then the money
that was allocated for that project
should be enough to complete the other
so you know so that that's kind of what
I have in my head um but there's also
there's a committee that's working on
the field so I don't have anywhere near
as much administrative responsibility
for that as I do to the other one the
other one at this point is is pretty
much all me so
yeah well I think going back to what
Jeff requested is can you get a list of
the projects you're working on and then
what we can do is we can prioritize as a
board where we want you to sit there and
focus sure happy to do that I mean it
really the overall project list hasn't
changed
since we had the meeting in the fall and
I gave you the project schedule I or the
project list I can certainly resend that
to the board and resend it to us
sure yeah and if you could just add if
just like a thumbnail
like uh sure where we are complet
completion percentage like if you're 10%
done 50% done 70% done or not started
that way we can kind of see where we're
at with everything sure um yep try to
get some of the stuff done prioritize
things for you
yep not a problem okay thank you
anything
else no okay um so we were on 10c uh
burnup clock
discussion
correct where are we with this I mean
the last time I know I
I go ahead man the um I'm waiting for
Dennis to write up a an agreement or a
contract between the owner of the clock
and us in the
town um two months ago I sent all the
information to him and he has not sent
done anything on it I guess I emailed
him again today I haven't heard from
him yeah he's in New Orleans at the
moment so I don't think you you'll get a
response back from him for a few days
but he should be back at the end of this
week or early next week so I will make
it a point to call him and ask him where
he's at with that and then have we found
a spot for this clock have we finalized
it I mean I think the last time we
talked we talked about the the
the I probably say it wrong but the
community room in the town hall that we
were talking about being a
um a meeting space of putting it there
um because we talked about the senior
center being in the community Senior
Center not being appropriate so have we
found have we I know we haven't agreed
to a space so anyway I'll I'll contact
Dennis and sit there and see where he is
with your contract Dan and we'll move on
from there and then we'll decide where
it's gonna go and Eric I'm assuming that
that clock could go into the layout that
you're talking about wanting help with
for that room about how it's set
up yes you could accom accommodate the
clock in there on one of the three not
probably not the
wall that the uh TV screen is on but the
other three walls you know you could
probably accommodate the
clock um if that was what the board
wanted okay so if we you know do it as a
layout as a potential location not a
final location but a potential location
that we would vote on it would be in the
design of the layout of that potential
meeting space which is just another
option and nothing and final just just a
talking through it so let's uh let's sit
there and think about that Eric in that
space if we're going to set it up for a
permanent meeting room and then it would
have a permanent spot that could be
protected
um in the space so okay um 10 D solar at
AES uh I know that you got something
Eric but have we uh have we gotten back
from the Board of Education any
information on that far
roof uh as
to we know that that far roof and that
that school would need is the oldest and
it's going to end up needing replacing
before the other areas but have they
have there been any communication on
this uh there has not um I thought you
were going to have a conversation with
Celeste regarding that but have not
gotten any information back from did but
not not on the details related to the
issues that Jeff Murray brought up at
the last
meeting
about and forgive me I'm not an
electrical engineer where the the wiring
is is trending down that one small roof
Jeff was recommending it be moved but I
don't know if that's been addressed
either yeah I mean I still have some
concerns about whether that should go to
public
meeting um because that agreement does
confer some obligations on the town I
realize it's a little questionable
reading the
charter um it kind of comes down to the
definition of what a PPA is and and how
you define it but you know there's
definitely some
some negative
terms
um well
let let's let's I mean let's try to help
this Shepherd this project through the
issues from my end really end up being
the age of the far roof and the issue
that Jeff Murray brought up
sure so I just personally the more I
think about it it's just and I kind of
agree with Eric it's it's right at the
point of being a viable solar project
because it's single phase I mean down
the road it would be you know more more
efficient as getting it connected into a
three-phase system so if we put
something you know maybe at The Old
Firehouse or you know the garage project
down the road or you know even at the
there was an article lately about there
was a town in Connecticut that just uh
put solar farm on their transfer station
or their old their old uh landfill it
was very successful and um if we do any
Industrial Development down the road
we're probably going to have to put
three phase in that area so like
somewhere about you know where our T
where our current landfill is now we
don't have three-phase power we have
have compactors up there um I mean if we
put three-phase power up in that area I
know it' be a sizable project but it
would open all that whole area for
development so especially if we wanted
to get into some commercial development
we would definitely need three-phase
power so it's just something we should
look at in the future because I I don't
think this is probably the best project
for solar so that's just my personal
personal
feeling where where is their three-phase
follow at the is actually at The Old
Firehouse it's three
phase because it comes up it can't go it
couldn't go along Route Six it used to
go up Center Street and then it used to
go because of the Trestle I
believe am I correct Eric so there is
three-phase power
available uh to a portion of Center
Street it does run down Center Street
and then go back down uh
316 um
in and I think it's an issue in the
sense that it reduces the optimal size
of the solar array going on the roof but
looking at the uh the town's cost per
kilowatt hour for
electricity it's still in my mind a
really good deal I mean it still
ultimately saves the town about 25,000
bucks a
year to execute that solar
project if we can and I also look at it
and say you know even if we did have to
remove part of the system in five years
you know we're still
$125,000 ahead at that point and our
cost of removing it off of that one
roof I suspect is less than that so I
suspect even if we do have a problem in
that roof as long as we don't have it on
year one you know or year two were
probably ahead of the game so that's one
thought that now the the point that
Adrien brought up I had a discussion
with him about that because I know he
was involved in the re-roofing project
and he reminded me that the town spent
extra money to get a much longer
warrantee you know on the roof of that
school but that was also predicated on
them installing walk panels
um for Access up there and because they
had very minimal HVAC and things on the
roof they're not many walk panels on
there and you really don't want to be
having lots of people treading across a
EPDM roof on a regular basis so I do
think when we get something more like a
final design back from the company we
need to be reviewing that and making
sure that uh you know that is done as
part of the project so we don't buy into
problems but I we just haven't seen a
final project back from them yet or in
any kind of engineering design so while
I'm optimistic at this point I you know
we'd have to see
a you know essentially a fleshed out
proposal I think
um from the Board of Ed meeting last
night they are having some final
inspections done on the roof and it's
condition during Christmas break um the
structural engineers from the Solar
Company are going to be there at the
school and do a inspection and if it
passes those inspections then they will
be coming to the town for the necessary
permits so you should know all the
details after
that good
and I do agree that we should
be we should be looking at solar on
other Town buildings and other locations
but I don't think it's an either or you
know yeah I just think because we have a
school roof it's we don't I mean we are
going to be getting some revenue from it
but if efficiency wise like you were
saying um it's just not the most
ideal um um setup that we we'd be having
on there what would it what would it
cost us to bring three phase to the town
office
complex the school as well I don't know
when we looked at it from the doing it
at the transfer station a couple years
ago um two or three years ago well
actually when I first got here so
probably more like five years ago
eversource quoted me basically a million
bucks a mile um so it's probably a
quarter mile to get it up to the school
so and then but it's not just the cost
of bringing in the power it's also the
cost of US turning around because
three-phase does go up 316 to you know
so it's not that far from the school but
we would also be talking about changing
out the main electrical service in the
building to three-phase switch gear and
that would not be an inexpensive I mean
Jeff probably knows better than me but
seems to me that's
$150,000 project in and of itself by the
time you really convert the whole school
over to that well we wouldn't have to
convert the whole school at the one
point we would just have the solar array
and we'd have the three-phase power
available and then that way if we had
upgrades in the future we could do that
at that time or if we had a residential
project that happened in the back on
that property we would have necessary we
I mean three-phase power is just a lot
more bang for the buck than a
singlephase
line
so and you and it you offers commercial
development as well because a lot of
commercial machines uh anything that
does
Machining baking anything like that
usually is a three-phase unit
so okay
um we should be thinking about that we
should be looking at putting that in our
plan of conservation and development to
bring fre three phase different spots
and time I know there's three phase at
the bottom of Lake Road and upwards to
Lake Road to the
intersection
um I don't know what that Meritt Valley
I think it might be Meritt Valley is
right there but
um those are things that we should put
in our plan of conservation and
development to sit there and try to make
the town more appealing for development
of certain kinds
um this one is a Time issue so we're not
going to get free Phase to that school
before this solar roof would get put on
and
so let's see what they end up saying
about the roof condition that will be
interesting and then we can sit there
and go back because I am I personally
think that if Eric's numbers are correct
I'm in favor of
the solar on the roof with the
anticipated understanding that we got a
portion of that roof that will need to
be the panels would need to be removed
and then a roof replaced at some point
in time in the next 10 to 15 years
hopefully um but let's sit there and see
what the roofs condition assessment
comes in
at we'll come back to it the other part
of it is we better understand if there
needs to be a town meeting on this Eric
because if there needs to be a town
meeting on this we need to schedule it
and and since we're talking about town
meetings
one thing I thought was interesting um
in the editorial that said I was going
to do a coup is there was 1800 voters
that came to vote in our town election
which I think is great but as a board
where would we ever put 1,00 people if
they came for a town
meeting I mean I know I've thought about
it but have we all thought about what
we' do because we can never fit 1,800
people in an indoors situation for a
town meeting and that's our form of
government
currently so
anyway food for thought 1,00 people
indoor setting and over Connecticut
where are we doing it town meeting form
of
govern outside
outside there you go hopefully in the
summer not in the
winter solar panels need to get put up
we got to do it now so all right what
else anything else on that
issue nope okay 10e credit card uses
discussion uh approv policy and forms
um um right now Eric what are you doing
with the credit cards you're on
emergency use only yeah so
so the treasurer asked me to just
restrict it to emergency use only until
a policy is
established or a better policy is
established well does anyone have a
problem with policy as addressed
I know the
the I know that the rec commission has a
problem with the issue of who's in
control of the rec commission line
items you you could simply if you wanted
to do that scratch out that statement
under designated supervisors and scratch
out Rec
commission um or put somebody else in
charge of that um that was just based on
what's actually in her contract she
would be the signing Authority for that
but that's obviously pretty
controversial what page is this
on uh
it's
15 starts on page 13
and really what I was trying to do is
make this clear to Chris because she's
constantly asking me when things who's
supposed to be approving of various
different things so I just tried to make
it as simple as possible so we knew who
the approvers were for each type of
expense or if there's other ones you
want to change we can change those
too I'm not wed to any of
those Eric could you put up the language
that's in
controversy uh
sure think you should be viewing right
now and all that is is on the back of
the form for credit card usage and
designed to be so it automatically
prints on the back of the form so when
somebody turns it in on the same time
Chris can roll it over and say okay this
is an expense from X the supervisor is
here the supervisor signed it we're good
that was the intention of
this so
so what was Carol bringing up tonight
what was she said 5e page 5e or
something she's yes am I wrong can you
show us what what was in question
there so what she is unhappy with is the
way that this is because that mirrors
what's in the employment contract for
Tess
grous that the original concept was one
of Tess's Three Hats was number one
director of the senior center number two
director of the community center number
three overall director of the
recreation so everything that was
Community related mostly came under her
Bailey Wick which would put her as the
signer for that um but the rec
commission does not feel that's
appropriate and doesn't feel she should
be the signer on that I just and I'm
sorry I know I'm out of line here but um
we are advisory
to the senior community center director
not vice versa and if that is something
that you put in the contract um so
that's in Tessa's contract and that's
available we'd be able to see
that I'm sure you could see her contract
we will we will give you access to the
contract just just go just one second
before everybody goes off Eric for this
purpose for today change the Recreation
Commission designated supervisor to
Carol Lee and to
the as a Carol
Carol all right just change the
Recreation Commission
design to
Caroline done done and so the rest of
the there's nothing else that is an
issue that I read in
this credit card policy and I understand
this is a a a a financial control issue
that is trying to be
addressed um
so use of the
cards appropriately for the the
corresponding accounts that we have and
we can move on anybody else on the board
have an
issue I I went through and looked I went
through and looked at the form from 2019
and this one and the only change I saw
besides that thing about the Recreation
Commission being under test was that uh
they wanted the slips back in three days
in I mean one day instead of three and
so how are deing how yes that was
correct I'm sorry Eric go
ahead so I do want to say in from my
perspective the critical difference
between this form and the last form is
that
before
the you know essentially the people who
are using the credit
card you know turned this in you know
and then I got it after the purchases
were made and the problem with that is
that kind of
conflicts with my responsibility that's
put on me from the charter which is to
approve all
expenses and it doesn't make a lot of
sense to have me approving EXP expenses
after the fact the expenses ideally
should be approved before the fact
unless it's an emergency that is the
shift in this that that that that all
sounds great but in the reality but I
didn't see where the difference where
the change was in this
form see where I put something that says
all signatures required prior to
purchase that's what that is for so
whoever is Technic techically in charge
of that entity be it a commission or a
board or a
department it has to be signed by the
supervisor it has to be signed by the
administrator boom now you purchase it
no
problem that sounds great Eric and I I
I'm I'm sure that we're trying to get
there in practice but that's reality is
are you are we doing that in all cases
when when uh director of Public Works
goes out and buys supplies are you
signing off beforehand because I'm just
trying to get a lay of the land because
I always had a problem with the credit
card as it's used because my issue is do
the people that are using those those
especially the credit card understanding
their budget line items and not going
over budget on certain items or getting
close to those items you know that's
always in my
mind I don't think what you're saying is
done all the way through every every
practical transaction within the town I
think it's a good you you try to get
there but that's a real cumbersome thing
and I'm not sure that you're going to do
it all the way in practice so I want to
be clear to everybody that it's not
totally the way it's done in practice
what I have a problem with and what I
look at credit cards about is especially
within a town if a group is not
understanding of what their budget line
items are and they go and start spending
there's overspending on the credit card
and it becomes then it becomes
problematic that's the biggest issue
um
so
uh while I agree with the credit card
policy I I hesitate and I look at you
Eric and I go you're not doing that
across every transaction it's just not
it's just not possible within the
organization that you're managing to do
that and I would ask you you can tell me
I'm wrong I'll listen to
you I don't see why the vast majority of
things can't be done
correctly and the the reason is because
I control the credit card so if I don't
give somebody the credit card they don't
have the option to make the
purchase so the goal is if you don't
show up to me with a form filled out
then I'm not going to sign it and I'm
not going to hand over the credit card
that's kind of the positive control as
part of this okay I can understand that
I'm I'm with you there now what happens
with um a normal course transaction that
goes somebody places an order that's
going to be paid by check by the
treasurer's office
so if somebody orderers something for
the treasurer's office it comes to me
and I sign every single requisition
before checks are cut and then I give
the pile of signed Rex the checks come
back to me I sign them we have a second
signer they get paid okay much better
much better and I'll I'll resend my
thought because you're you're not wrong
because you're worried about the payment
on a transaction and the credit card is
instantaneous so I I sit there I'm
corrected I I I agree with with the with
the whole thing with the
credit mostly what I'm trying to cut
down on is the
frustration the assistant Treasurer has
running around when the credit card
statement comes in because people have
purchased stuff not filled out the forms
and trying to track down receipts and
payments against the credit card that
she doesn't have information for so my
goal is that anytime a purchase is made
she's got a complete paper trail so
we're clear all the way up through the
audit and everybody knows who did what
okay um I'll make a motion that we
approve the credit card policy as
presented um
um at our meeting on 1212
2024 with with the changes that you
asked Eric to make with with the change
requested to
um to the designated supervisor for the
Recreation Commission to be Carol Lee
second
that any further
discussion all those in favor I I I okay
more
nothing uh let's move on to
um item 10f a community center update
purchase of kitchen equipment and
Leading Edge change
order okay so let's deal with kitchen
equipment
first um currently we have roughly
$110,000 avail able in a specific Senior
Center uh arpa Grant um and that money
was designated to finish or was
designated towards the kitchen uh when I
submitted the grant paperwork in the
beginning um additionally we have
approximately
$133,000 unspent money from the town's
arpag Grant and so my suggestion is to
essentially spend encumber and spend
both of those
dollars uh on the kitchen to get us to
the point where you know we're clean
with Eastern Highlands health district
for our food service license that's
that's kind of my objective but that
amount of money is not going to complete
the kitchen because we're going to have
a large expense when we go to put in
that hood system um you know so I'm not
proposing doing that now and I'm not
proposing you know we may push the stove
in place but we are not going to be
actually turning that stove on until
such time as we have a hood you know a
commercially usable Hood system in place
and the Ansel fire fire suppression
system and all of that but that gets us
using all our money um and gets us most
of the functionality we need other than
being you know able to cook and use an
oven we at least have places for Secure
Storage we have prep spaces you know we
can reheat stuff we can use crockpots we
can use stuff like that we just you know
we're not going to be baking or uh you
know using the
range and that's kind of what we're
going for so there are kind of longer
term I think two
issues um the first issue is that we are
already basically maxed out on our
electrical panel in the basement so as
we put in the dishwasher we are going to
have to put in a sub panel to
accommodate that because we just don't
have the breaker space to
to um put it into the panel
um so we're going to run up and and I
don't have a firm quote for the
electrical work for that um so I I can't
give you what that estimate is
um you know but I think Without Really
tapping the multi-use building fund you
know we can get the majority of the
functionality of the kitchen now um you
know and it it makes sense to me to to
purchase the stuff and do
it well we have to spend our arpa funds
by the end of the month correct how much
are
they so total between the two
there's just under
$23,000 available between those
two no you said
two I'm much sure are funds and how much
are the other funds tell me which
exactly say it say it so we understand
what it
is
so I don't have it down to the
penny it's just under $10,000 that's
available for the arpa grant for the the
senior center specific arpa Grant it's
9,800 and something um I could get you
an exact number but I would have to dig
a little bit um and in unspent funds in
the town's arer Grant there's
approximately
$133,000 plus or minus a 100 bucks as
Cheryl gone over that number that's a
good number yes those are the numbers I
got from
Cheryl and and what about the Leading
Edge uh bill is that paid it is not paid
Leading Edge bill will pay out of
building maintenance or multi-use
building fund one of those
two so you're recommending we could take
it out of here and we could just not buy
you know leave some things out of the
out of this that's okay
too
um okay
so there's no money on the Paradise
number what is what is is the paradise
total the paradise total
is
um oh why is it not on this form it's
22,000 and
change right I added it up
too uh why is it not on this quote and
so Ann you came up to
22,000 yeah okay $2,483
there all right
um personally I would rather sit there
and see the kitchen furnished and that
we move along faster to sit there and
get the oven in
place and the hood in place so that the
kitchen can be used appropriately um
so but we have to spend at least the
$113,000 of the arpa funds like the
other $10,000 you're saying it's arpa
but what is that it is arpa funds so
it's just different arpa funds so when
arpa came out they put funds in a whole
bunch of different buckets some of the
money they gave to the state of
Connecticut so the state of Connecticut
divvied out and they said these are all
the programs we want to support one of
those programs was senior centers so I
wrote a arpa grant for our senior center
stuff which was granted um which gives
us you know right around
$9,800 that's what they gave me for that
Grant so that money too I I don't have
to spend but I have to
encumber by January first December 31st
either
one all right so
[Music]
um there was no an an you're a kitchen
person was there anything in the list of
kitchen equipment that you thought
was on a line I mean I looked at it I
thought it was all fine but it was what
do you have a problem with any of the
equipment for the kitchen
no uh I wish I knew what the hood
estimated me estimated cost was because
I know those are very
expensive okay I'm Inna Ballpark and say
we're going to be out you know 20 plus
thousand to put that hood system in you
know and probably 30,000 total with the
Ansel system something in that ball
park there's a go it cost us 35,000 to
put one in a class room in
Manchester a little bit bigger than the
one we're going to have here but it was
35,000 and in the
2002 well whatever it is we need to
spend it to make the best use of that
facility in that kitchen so we're gonna
figure out how to do it so if you don't
and have any problems with any of the
equipment does any of the other members
have any problems with any of the other
equipment for the kitchen no I'm good
je so what about the panel though
there's Jeff Murray there's plenty of
power going in into the panel they just
need new breaker space is that
it yeah usually there's enough um
capacity on the main breaker and so you
can I don't know what are you talking
Eric 100 amp some
panel yeah probably not even a hundred
yeah i' probably do 100 standard just to
come off with a 100 and you'd be fine
yeah I mean I I don't see it as an issue
I I mean you know when
we when we were back in the design phase
both Adrian and I pushed for a sub panel
so we had plenty of breaker space in
there that was one of those things that
got cut for budgetary reasons um so I
think we've kind of all
known you know that it was going to be
we're basically going to end up filling
the last available
spot um in the next couple weeks because
Lenco is
installing the automatic door openers
the handicapped accessible automatic
door openers in the building that should
hopefully be in in the next couple of
weeks um so that's going to take the
breaker spot we do have you know so
basically we're going to need to put in
a sub panel so that's just we know we
have to do it um so you know even if we
didn't do the kitchen I think we end up
doing it at some point because there's
no power to where the uh fire alarm
systems coming in for instance so we're
going to need to add a you know a
electrical connection for that at some
point um and there there are still other
things we're going to end up doing so so
you going to put the sub in the kitchen
area you going to put it down in the
where the main panel is uh you know I
would be tempted to put it in the
basement not upstairs but I could I
don't have any
I'd rather see in the kitchen area
because if you have a problem with a
piece of equipment it's easier to reset
than go have and go downstairs and try
to find it um and then it just cuts your
wire it cuts your wire cost down because
if you run IND individual brand brand
circuits it's almost cheaper just to run
your 100 amp service up there and just
be done with it and then anything you
need to bring off of that panel and
you're probably going to end up with
another one down in the basement because
if we ever finish that space we're going
to need we're going to need extra power
so you're probably going to end up with
two panels
eventually because you're probably going
to have to move some of those Breakers
that you have on the main panel right
now onto the sub anyways to accommodate
the the breakers for the sub panels
so because if you're going to fill it
you're going to have to take some of
those circuits off of there and put it
on the sub correct yeah I know that yeah
so um okay you're probably gonna be
looking at two you're probably gonna be
looking at two panels
eventually all right so we know we know
we have the hood and electrical upgrades
that need to be made to the building in
total but those are not today's issues
am I correct Eric we know we're gonna
not today's in terms of what we have to
do to spend the money we have that's use
it or lose it you know this takes care
of pretty much all the use it or lose it
money uh that we have from those two um
so and then really the question comes in
on timing and the timing for spending
the other money part of it
is if we get the uh Federal funding for
the community center and the generator
install you know our our money worries
for that go away because we have the
money to do basically
everything um if we don't get that then
we're kind of picking and
choosing um and
then full disclosure I I have asked both
our uh State Rep and our state senator
um for a legislative
appropriation um to help us out with
funding the community center which I
think those are the kind of projects
that you know are potentially fundable
at state level but the again I wouldn't
know whether that got in or not till May
or June of this year and I don't know
whether I'll know one way the other
whether we got the federal
appropriation so the the problem comes
in is that in terms of other expenditure
like the hood do we do that now or do we
wait and see whether we're getting
funded or not because we could do it now
we have the money it's just a question
of do we do that or do we you know do we
try to fund it via grants because if we
put it in now we can't apply the grant
towards that
all
right well sorry that's kind of a
long-winded explanation any any grant
money you have we're going to sit there
and move appropriately to do what's the
most beneficial to the to the overall
Community Center and what we need to do
right now we have to decide if we're
making a motion to spend a $23,000
that's
available and used toward the kitchen
equipment
am I is that not right I mean that's
what we need to do correct yeah let's
make a
motion I make a motion that we use the
$23,000 oh I'll I'll let me rephrase
that I make a motion that we use all the
remaining arpa funds to outfit the
community center kitchen appropriately
we spend or encumber the 20 remaining
$23,000 of arpa funds to outfit the
community Senior Center
kitchen I'll second
that uh we'll say an seconded that okay
all right um further discussion on
that all right all those in favor I I
okay
40 all
right uh the Leading Edge change order
what information do you have on that
what do you want us to know about
so I don't want to share my screen and
show you the information I would be
happy to send the board you know our
time accounting for that project I did
submit that directly to Todd lard from
Leading Edge and said you know uh I
don't think your back order is
appropriate um I don't think he's
convinced
um I still need to sit down and have a a
conversation with him but my suspicion
is he is not going to uh agree to us not
paying that okay so you're still you're
still in negotiation with Leading Edge
you're going to come to us with either
um a final resolution or no resolution
next meeting right yep
so e if
so I guess my question is what I don't
want to talk about that openly it's it's
not um this is a negotiation issue
you're going to deal with it in your
position to to finalize yeah the value
that the
town should deal with related to this
last work order
or however it is phrased so the change
order so if there's anybody else here
that wants to ask Eric any specific
questions on that this issue go ahead
but as far as I'm concerned it's you're
still negotiating it come to us when
you're
finalized fair enough what are we gonna
do we might tell you you're wrong when
you come to us with the final answer but
that's our prerogative at that point in
time but right now we're just throwing
around nothing from our end understood
okay copy or contract
renewal okay okay so after the
last uh go around you had asked me to go
back and also investigate what it would
cost us if we chose to our next contract
being a lease to
purchase um so I did that um I sent you
all the Excel spreadsheet which had all
the options I'll pop that up on the
screen right
now uh the contractor is getting a
little
antsy um but I told him he was going to
have to to wait till after this meeting
to get um so there is the summarized
version about the options that we have
relative to that if that makes sense the
top one is our cost now which is 232 a
month um if we continue and sign another
buyout lease it goes down to 175 a
month
um
and
uh then on the
very uh bottom you know we have the
option to purchase the existing
contractors or what do you call it
uh um
we could pay for our current machine
$194.99 a month for how
long so as I'm looking at this I think
this form is wrong um so the the bottom
line is that
uh if we do the buyout lease on the
state bid our costs go to basically
$175 a month same quick charges as we go
now so it drops about $45 a month if we
want it to be a
buyout not a buyout lease yeah a buyout
lease um our copies go down our our cost
goes up to essentially 200 bucks a month
actually I think it's
197 a month so those are the two
differences and I put those
if we stop share on this oh no go back
to that spreadsheet because you sheet I
think the spreadsheets actually wrong
though which is why I know I know I know
the spreadsheets wrong but we gotta talk
about it so back to the
spreadsheet got it there's your
spreadsheet okay all right so let's just
start with your column e those those
black and white charges have to have a
zero in them in yeah E6 E7 E8 you need
to put an extra zero in there it's yep
half a half a penny for black correct
okay and so you're going the monthly
lease and
and so our current contract current
copier contracts
23232 can you can you put the extra zero
in there now so that's what we're
looking at like just go edit the cell
just F2 yeah right there good perfect
zero enter
and then the one and
nine okay all right so in that column
that you're on a nine that's basically
keeping the current copier we have
paying
$4,250 and those are our charges per
copy
correct okay
and the one in row seven is the state
contract $175 a month down from 232
brand new machine half a penny for
black um um yeah half a penny for black
and five cents a page for
color yes so
ballpark it's the identical machines we
have now other than five plus years
newer
um at a cost
that's considerably less now if we
do uh the other type of lease so that at
the end of the contract we own the
machine everything else stays the same
but our monthly lease payments go up to
just under $200 a
month so and that that is what you asked
me to get the last time was what that
cost is which is why I was trying to go
back to the the contract because that
has
uh okay and that's fine so go back to
your
spreadsheet it's
$248 if and at the end of the fiveyear
period we own it so those are really the
two options
okay so if you go back to that
and everybody so increase the size of
your
spreadsheet so everybody can see
it okay
so the difference between
row7 and what Eric has presented at the
$200 a month ends up being $1,500 over
the course of the five
years and we own the piece of equipment
as opposed to currently what they're
doing with the leases as written if we
wanted to keep that equipment and and it
was running well and we only wanted to
get a repair contract which is row N it
would cost us
$4,250 so the additional $25 a month
comes out to be $1,500 over the course
of five years um the choice is do we
think we just want to continue with the
$175 a month lease and save or or yeah
save $1,500 and then turn the piece of
equipment in in five years that's the
question in front of
us
so not hearing any noise on that I would
sit there just questioning like what's
what's the repair what's the repair
contract on the lease like The copier
breaks well there's nothing that's
that's they pay the the per page fee
right that's all rolled into the click
charge
okay I'm I'm against especially copers
like this have a shelf life of three to
five years I'm I'm against purchasing I
think it's better to lease to be honest
with you
yeah too that's fine I mean it's you
always got the you always get the latest
and greatest I mean every couple years
we get the latest and greatest yeah so
in five years we'll get a new copier and
Y that's fine so because if we own it
then we have after five years we're
gonna have to buy a new one anyway so
well what you do is you you roll it out
until the click charge goes out of
control and you sit there and deal with
it now I'm okay with monthly I'm okay
with at the end of five years redoing
the contract and getting new one do we
have to go to town meeting for
this I don't believe so no okay
so
then I will make a motion to uh move
forward with the office work
Office Works copier or contract for uh
$175 48 per month buyout lease uh in
accordance with the state
PID
seconded all right further
discussion all those in favor
I for
nothing okay 11 uh new business discuss
and act upon a baa in
[Music]
response okay that's you
all give me a second sure so the ba
submitted a letter to us on November 22
after our last meeting uh they raised
some concerns about uh how the baa was
addressed during our meeting in relation
to um the taxes and the tax reduction
ctions that um were granted by the baa
so everybody's had this letter um Eric
sent a response um I am going to let
Eric talk about it but I am going to sit
there and say before we talk about that
um I have always had a problem with the
tax reductions in the town I've always
voted against these when I first got
here simply because of the nature of how
tax reductions are given not only from
the ba a but from the the assessor's
office I realize that some of them are
are legitimate and reasonable and um I
understand the ba has a hard job but I
am going to sit there and put that out
in front of everybody for for more than
four years I voted no and the only
reason I had to start voting yes is
because I had to sign them all so I'm
just saying it's it's a very difficult
thing um and I'm going to let Eric
explain himself but I also know that in
our last meeting when Eric spoke up I
did sit there and let everybody know
that I was I was assuming that all of
the ba members that were voting on
something that related to their their
their themselves or someone close to
them recused themselves from the vote
and they all did so Eric I will let you
sit there and go with your response I
felt I needed to say that from a
standpoint of when that response came in
and that not that letter came in but go
ahead Eric sure so first of all I apolog
oliz to the baa for any incorrect
statements um on a monthly basis the tax
collector presents the tax refunds due
to the board of Selectmen who need to
approve them prior to refunds being
issued uh it is on the monthly agenda
and has been for at least five years so
that was one of the concerns raised by
the chair of the baa was why they
weren't notified um they're on the
agenda every month um the Board of
Selectmen frequently asks me what the
refunds are for her the baa minutes
dated 9:16
2024 in 920
2124 there was a reduction uh to Linda
Armstrong's bills for two vehicles where
she appealed uh her tax bill and recused
herself and then there was a separate
appeal where a member of Emily timri's
household uh appealed and Mrs timri
recused herself so that as far as I know
is a completely correct
statement
um uh I it was not my intention
to uh question the Integrity of the
chair of the baa uh he felt that I
challenged his
Integrity um but I have long had a
problem with the process of Taxation and
appeal um not particular individuals I
do have a significant issue with the
system that's in place here um but I
recognize that that's beyond the scope
of my or the town's authority to really
do anything about I am hopeful that the
the fact that we're switching to MSRP
plus a set
depreciation uh will make the motor
vehicle assessments a lot more
transparent to everybody um as far as I
can tell the only appealable fact now
will be what the original vehicle
MSRP
was um I also believe that property
assessment should be done
regionally um you know by trained and
paid staff um you know when I've reached
that conclusion from talking to a number
of people that wear the same shoes that
I wear um and they' all had issues with
uh the baa process um again I don't
think this is an issue with individuals
I think it's a process issues um I was
also asked why I didn't speak directly
to the
baa um the baa is elected um they don't
work for me I have no authority to while
I have strong opinions obviously um I
don't influence the baa
decisions um you know or
opinions um I did however one year when
we didn't have a clerk which was a
couple of years ago spent uh three or
four meetings taking minutes for the baa
um you know and that's kind of when I
formed an opinion that the baa should be
regionalized um and there should be more
training um you know
and ability to eliminate any conflict
there um so where I think my role in
this is is just to make sure the board
of Selectmen understands that this is
the first year in a while because of the
change in motor vehicle
regulations as well as the
change um in state law regarding
exemptions for disabled
veterans that we may very well have a
flat or negative Grand list and the
reality is the board of assessment
appeals
decisions
um you know have to be accounted for
because that is going to to take a
significant amount of money from the
ultimate Grand list and you as a board
should be aware of that so that's all I
wanted to say on
that okay do any of the other members
have issue with
anything that Eric said or the baa has
addressed okay uh 11b pickle ball and
playground
[Music]
discussion okay so there should be at
least
one person left from the playground or
the uh
committee uh that that's here from from
that commission I put in the packet the
latest Scot Che what Scot Che yeah Scott
is here sorry it's
tired it's late I'm tired um so I put
the latest engineer drawings for the
pickle ball court in the packet so you
as a board could see the commission has
been uh hard at work uh uh beta is also
here she's also on the committee
um uh so that's there in case you had
any
questions um this is before the wetlands
commission now it will be going for
Planning and
Zoning uh in December 17th to be go to
public hearing sometime
in uh January so just kind of letting
you know where that committee is right
now if you want any input um at this
point this is what they're kind of
proposing um and I'm sure Scott and beta
can answer any questions that you have
bata bata
sorry so um I Scott I would ask a
question is that
one playground and it's just two
different potential
locations oh it's two different
playgrounds one for uh younger children
I think three to five and then you know
five to 12
correct okay it looks like looks very
similar with the uh elements in there so
I was wondering if it was just two
different locations so that's where the
Rocks go A New Path put in from the
parking lot to get down to the pickle
ball courts and is there a drop there uh
Scott from the parking lot down to the
um pickle ball courts or is that there
is like there's like three feet three
feet Dr okay going to be there it's
going to be done in
stone there's going to be a drain at the
bottom to drain the water
[Music]
away it looks before it hits the pickup
allall courtz it looks very
nice I can't wait to see it completed
yeah we can get engineering work done
quicker we could have it done quicker
but very slow on the engineering side
are we going to take out some of the the
drainage issues that happen along the
walking Track in that corner closest to
the playground no no that will not be
addressed as part of
that
um I don't even know how you would
address that I mean the the big problem
is is that there's a drainage pipe
you know that acts in some conditions to
drain the field towards the river but
when the river comes up the flow goes
the opposite direction and flows onto
the field through the existing
pipe you know from the outlet on the
river so I don't know that you could
correct that unless I don't know maybe
you could pursue some kind of one-way
valve or something but it would be hard
to keep it from getting stuck with
debris right even when even when we were
building that field Jeff you probably
remember that when I think that it
rained and it filled in there and the
guys told us the company told us that
they wouldn't change
that the grades are the grades it would
change a lot if they changed those
grades in there where they really could
have just filled that corner well what I
was in I was thinking about is if you're
putting a drain in where the pickle ball
courts are MH is it possible to tie in
that area of the edge of the field to
allow it to go into the same
drainage and and I don't know where
you're you're evacuating the water to
but I'm just sitting there thinking is
there a way to tie that in to eliminate
that problem that currently exists when
it rains heavy in that corner of the
walking trick and if you can't do it it
hasn't stopped people from using a
walking Track and no right we we all
realize it's in a wetland I mean it's
right next to the river flood plane
flood plane flood plane not Wetland
hopefully so hopefully hopefully when we
actually do the
bridge we eliminate a certain amount of
the water back flow that
get exactly tie it all together maybe
it'll improve exactly it'll be a it'll
be a different scenario when the bridge
gets done we open it up another 40
feet right yeah the reason Jeff I don't
think you could go back from that corner
to the drain where the pickle ball
fields are is be because the way this is
we're going to be able to get this
through the wetlands is we're
essentially we're adding when the when
we put the pickle ball Quartz in we add
some impervious surface but then we
drain it in such a way that the surface
water runs to the wetlands and
everything that's now coming off the
hill is captured by an Interceptor
trench and also goes to the wetlands so
essentially all we're doing is we're not
increasing the amount of flow to the
wetlands and we're not decreasing the
amount of flow to the wetlands because
what we really can't do is just you know
dump a pipe that makes the wetlands no
longer a Wetlands it's an existing
Wetlands it has to stay Wetlands but we
don't want to inundate it and we don't
want to dry it out that makes sense
understood okay looks good and and this
is all going in front of the wetlands
Authority and then planning and zoning
and what's the timeline on potentially
getting this
done well the it's we're going to go
back before the wetlands we went I guess
a week ago to the wetlands and and
they're just in the end I think I'm not
going to say what they're going to do
but it's going to go through the
wetlands I didn't think that they had a
lot of problems with it couple of things
that they had questions about and it's
going to go through Planning and Zoning
Planning and Zoning it's going to have a
couple questions and hopefully we have
the answers to those questions before it
goes before planning and zoning and
those questions will be addressed the
rest of it I don't think the Planning
and Zoning is going to have a lot of
problems with it okay and then once we
get that done in the interim we're going
to be making our fees for all of it with
Eric's
help um so that's going to be on their
priority list
yep okay I just have one question um I
know it's just a well casing right where
the swing set is going to
be yeah we're because that well is well
and truly abandoned and not powered
anymore anyway we technically really
should be filling that in so as part of
this Our intention is to you know have
dck or one of the services pull the
casing and fill in that well do a slurry
fill yeah yep okay just there was just a
question it said well there I just
didn't know if we had a swing set right
with a well casing sticking up no we
gotta get rid of all that okay just just
quick
thanks okay anybody else on the pickle
ball in the playground discussion
anything else
okay all right thank you um we're going
to move on to
11c
um Community Center Staffing
review yeah I just want to add this um I
think is with new employees right we
usually do a three-month review and uh
During the promissary period I'm just
wondering Eric have you done that yet uh
Tess and I I mean have we done a formal
review no have we sat down and talked on
an almost daily basis about where we are
and where we're going yes um but have I
sat down and done a formal review no I
have not okay can we please do that and
I would like to try to find out what
we've done as far as when she's been
employed the type of additions we've
added courses classes things that she's
done sure I think it would be important
for the people in town to know what
she's
doing um and this also brings back to
the programming
um I I went to um I went to Columbia
Hein Bolton and centry and they don't
seem to be using any software seems to
be a phone sign up or come down and fill
out a form um and they also seem to be
doing newsletters with all the programs
and things online and I didn't really
see that in our website um the only
thing I saw was click for these classes
or click for the additions and it gives
me a username and password it says it's
restricted so just looking at the other
towns like they've got a you know a 10
or 12 page newsletters with what's going
on in town and the available classes and
I just I mean our our website is there
but we really don't have something
that somebody can put together and print
out and who to contact and and what the
what the programs
are so it's just something I mean she's
been there four months now I'd like to
um see what's what's been added and um
you know what we put together as far as
programs and a newsletter
uh sure I mean I suppose you could swing
by the community center and get a copy
of the newsletter um here's my copy of
it well is it posted on the
website um that's a question I can't
answer okay because I didn't see it I
didn't see it that's why I was
questioning it and because I was
researching this program and trying to
figure out if it was something that was
really necessary or not and just I mean
he's such a much bigger town and they
seem to be having a lot of programs and
they don't seem to be using an app so I
just was um just investigating
that yeah the only town I've personally
looked at it that has it is Colombia um
we went and got a demo of it at their
facility and they're CLE I went to their
website and I didn't see anything it
just says call Senior coordinator for
these these these things so I just it's
just I want to I'd like to see you know
before the six-month period the value
added and and and what and I think it'd
be good for the community to see what
what her accomplishments are have been
in to dat since since Inception when she
was hired fair enough okay so is that
something we could do in the next couple
weeks and and just send us a copy or
just you know what what programs and
things we've done to this point sure if
she's on this year you could ask her
directly if you wanted yeah but part of
the personel I think it's part of the
Personnel but we usually do reviews so I
just want to make sure that we're doing
that review and we have it we have it in
file so er it will be better if you sit
there and accumulate that and get it off
to us sure be best um any other
questions related to
11c nope that's all I had okay 11d uh
Public Work Public Works
activities yeah you oh that was the sale
activities you saw my email that I sent
out a couple weeks about a week ago um I
was on the gov deal site and I happen to
see our whacker for sale um it was
listed needing a carburetor and a fuel
shut off valve and the documentation
that we got sent on February 15th from
Jay listed a whole Litany of issues with
that whacker as far as the shoe was bad
it had an oil leak it had all kinds of
issues but what it's shown on gub deal
saying it starts and runs needs some
carburetor work and a fuel shut off
valve and the truck is about the same
there's a detail list on the
truck um showing all this rust cracked
windshield all these issues in the in
the document that we have but on gov
deals it doesn't list any of those
issues so were those issues
repaired or are they not listed on the
site so what we given for issues does
not match what is on the gov deal site
is the listing for the
items well if you're selling something
do you point out every single flaw in
what you're selling yes you
should I mean I mean if those flaws if
those flaws were significant for us to
get rid of this equipment they should be
listed on the auctions the auction site
as issues if it does have a major oil
leak like Jay told us it did the whacker
it should be listed on there that has an
oil leak but it's not so it just big I'm
just I'm just questioning it because I
started to see these these items listed
online and they don't have nearly the
issues that we were told that they had
we were going to get rid of them so I'm
just trying to find out if those issues
were
repaired or if the listing just doesn't
list all the issues that are wrong with
the
items well if I was listing it I
certainly wouldn't list every flaw in a
car I own if I was putting it up for
sale I would keep my MTH shut figure
that's the next guy's problem okay
really the question ends up being the
question ends up being do they does it
really have the issues that we were led
to believe it had when we had when we
right yeah because we we decided to
disperse it to get rid of this equipment
because it had all these issues and it
was all this money to fix it but then I
see it listed on go deals it says it
needs a shut off valve and a carburetor
rebuild kit so no I'll I'll sit there
and I'll go I understand Jeff I do I
like said both sides of it there's
there's two sides to this and I
understand my question really ends up
being did the machine really have all
the issues that we were told when we
authorized the Public Works to get new
equipment
right the truck absolutely I mean that
is the reason why so we have three
primary TR plow trucks we typically keep
one spare we made a decision that our 97
Ford was in way better condition than
our 2004
International um that is the sole reason
why we got rid of that one even though
it's also been uh even though it's a
newer machine because that has been a
very problematic machine okay is that
the one that you fixed the fuel pump
on when you got rid
of no I don't think that one had the
fuel pump issue it's got a steering pump
the steering pump's blown yeah that's
that's not even listed on the go deal
site this the bad steering pump so I
mean that should be something
significant that you should put on there
um you know so
well I think it's more important and and
maybe this is something that we as a
board
um I mean this was this was the reason
Adrien was such a good member because he
had such detailed knowledge of of the
mechanical issues related to equipment
like that um well I have pretty good
knowledge too that's why I'm asking the
question
welle on what what what Our Town
Administrator is saying is to get the
most money off of that you don't put
every issue they come and inspect the
equipment and they inspect the equipment
and they identify the issues themselves
they're going to offer up what they
offer up anyway but Jeff issues were bad
enough for us to get rid of
it those issues should be listed on the
description of the item well if it was
that bad to get rid of the item those if
I was an I would have sat there and said
to you Jeff yes they did some
maintenance on it to try to make it
better for the sale that's what I would
have said to you that I would have sat
there and said Public Works sat there
and did some maintenance on it to try to
uh Gussy it up to make it sell for more
money
that's not what Our Town Administrator
said to you so the issue comes back on
me and I sit there and ask the same
question that all four of us are
probably asking did it have these
problems when we authorized a new unit
to be
purchased and that's something we
probably should discuss directly with
the Town Administrator individually and
sit there and discuss with our our
Public Works director individually I
would like to do that and as we go
through and try to upgrade our equipment
which as a town we need to upgrade the
equipment there's no doubt that what
Eric has done over the last few years
has
been to improve our equipment inventory
and the Aging of the inventory of our
equipment and and listen it's it's it's
it's been positive but we're going to
get it to a point where money is a
little tighter and we got to make sure
that we're doing a little bit better job
under understanding the problems when
Public Works asks us for additional
equipment yeah I'm not I'm not making
any accusations I just was asking which
description is and if it was repaired
and it was that's fine that's fine but I
just want to find out I mean which
description is accurate the one we were
given on February 15 or the one that's
on gub deals totally totally understand
okay right Jeff I think you have to
assume
if you're buying a 20 plus year old plow
truck it is going to be a piece of
junk right now as far as I know on gub
deals it's you know the highest bid is
around five grand for that yeah and we
offered 10,000 as a tradein and we
turned it
down yeah but we put it on gov deals
because that's what you that was not
neily how never said no Eric that is not
true that was Jay's decision and it says
that right in the the document that I
have dated February 15 it says he could
get $20,000 for a private party or
through through at auction state that
was Jay's decision not
mine the Wacker was I asked about the
Wacker last month or a couple months ago
but I did not say anything about the
truck that was Jay's
decision that is something we'll sit
there and see what happens when the bids
come
out I mean we can pull this back
correct if if it closes on I think the
15th or
16th
um guessing based on other units that
are on sale at gub deals right now it's
probably going to get 567,000 will be
the final bid would be my guess
well that's not a win for the
[Music]
town okay so was that a no
Reserve auction that they take
it there's no Reserve as I understand it
there's no reserve price on it but the
town has to accept or reject the bid
when the auction
closes so you don't have to say
yes okay
and if you want to go down and inspect
it at Public Works and go over it with
Jay I'm sure he would be happy to do
that with
you I certainly don't have any issue
with that
okay um any other issues related to the
public works activities Jeff no that's
do those are the only two I can see I I
I mean I don't know what happened with
the roadside mower or any of those other
items but those are the only two that I
really have documentation on that were
listed publicly and I don't know what
was sent to auction like I said I don't
I have not privy to any of those those
documents
okay all right
um if we're done with that item I think
we're moving on to item 12 approval of a
minute meetings for 107 regular meeting
1021 special meeting and the 11 12
regular meeting
minutes anybody have any issues with the
minutes as
posted so I just have one thing uh an
CR uh sent around a thing of things she
wanted added to the October 7th Board of
Selectmen meeting did that get added or
do you want to append that to the
approval uh to
add I honestly didn't review the the
minutes that are posted there I didn't
see anything come in from Marina that
they were revised though and did you
amend up do that minute well I wasn't
sure how to amend I wrote up what I
wanted to add and I emailed it to all of
you and
Marina and um I don't know what what
what has happened with it at this point
I remember when yeah there it is
remember when that happened Jeff said
for you to go amend the meeting minutes
well why don't we sit there and approve
the meeting minutes with
um an's Amendment right I can't get into
the packet and change it there so I had
to just send it in this way right and
yeah and you sent that to me I think
yesterday but I don't think you cced me
when you originally sent it around so I
never knew orig you sent it to Marina so
I would have Mar yeah checked on that if
I had known but that's okay you know we
can we can have it added okay so does
anybody have a problem with any of the
other
minutes okay
so and an that was the 10 s minutes
correct
yeah so I'll make a motion that we
approve the 107 2024 regular meeting
minutes with the denum provided by uh
select person and
cre I'll second that all right all those
in favor I I and then I'll make a motion
that we approve the 1021 TW uh 2024
special meeting minutes and the 1112 uh
2024 regular meeting minutes as
presented anybody second that
second Scott person second all was in
favor I I or nothing okay uh the
treasurer's report um was included uh
any questions anybody want to make any
comments
okay the tax collector's
report
um she gave us a report in a an idea
about tax
sales she have had a long
letter and gave some suggestions about
you know upcoming tax
sales I don't know if anybody read that
but yeah it was a very good letter and
uh doing a very good job with that he's
reduced
the
taxes from the previous five years down
since she's been on there by
$200,000
yeah amount of owed
taxes and um then she made some some
suggestions about the tax sales you know
any anybody that's hasn't paid in 10
years we should have a
tax over or over
$20,000 so you can look at it
uh I have I mean I have it up I mean you
can put it up to show the public but
um no it you know all of those issues
appear to be
reasonable I mean the biggest issue with
tax collections for me is always the
personal property taxes
um business small business personal
property taxes
because they
they up and move or they go out of
business and we never see that money
um what I'm saying is Kate's digging her
digging into this job and she doing a
really good job I think that we you
know need to look into this and make
some decision I don't think I think 10
years is a little much myself
but less less than I
think
but let's sit there and ask
Kate to tell us the procedures or the
policies that she'd like to put in place
and the application of the procedures
and I know she put it in the letter but
if she sits there and breaks them down
in a
really small format we can sit there and
prove them she yeah well she did hear
did maybe we could have her come on Eric
next month and talk about this well if
you want to do that i' I'd be happy to
have her come here and have that
discussion with you
directly put it
on
huh we'll we'll put her on early early
in the uh meeting we'll ask her to come
the next meeting which should be on a
Monday she should be in the off well she
probably doesn't have
that let's let's put it on the agenda
for next month Eric to sit there and
look at the policies that the tax
collector would like to implement so
that we can get them
approved okay I think that would that
would be
good okay anything else under the tax
collector's
reports okay um
we have in front of
us
a refund
request for the tax
collector total refunds of
$4,200 426 $
42165 most related
to um certificate of changes through the
the
assessor's office or I mean that's not
from the tax collector's office that's
um those are changes in the assessor's
office then an overpayment for one
taxpayer and two baa adjustments of $1
12763 and
$16.32 so my favorite thing I'll make a
motion that we approve the tax refunds
of
$4,200 $
Jeff anybody gonna second it I'll second
it I'll second it okay Scott
seconded all those in favor I or
nothing okay uh departmental reports we
had a report from the Assessor's Office
know the same thing they used to give us
the permits who had the permits in
town and what what what they were
doing um I I don't see that again and
then and I always wanted to see how much
uh you know this is not Department of
reports being in the treasur report how
much money we made in this
account uh I can probably get you how
much money we made in the stiff account
but um Eric we made there's a report
from the building department at $8,400
52 in permits is that with the new
policy in place or we have have we
implemented
it I have not checked to see that he's
filling out the paperwork but I've gone
over it with the building official and
he is supposed to be implementing it
already Okay uh I would I would greatly
appreciate if You' look at that and
verify that he is implementing
it he's going over the the number that
the applicants are telling
us that the project is
costing uh we approved a whole process
of yeah we
did how it was gonna
happen uh in the hopes that it would
increase
our Revenue so Scott
for the period July through
October so how many months is that so
July August September October four
months we have earned 73,000
58763 in the stiff account so
approximately
8,396 $96 a
month so these next months should be
good and that that was on how much
money um I'm not sure they included the
balance sheet for
me so that goes up and down you know on
a monthly basis because we basically we
move money back and forth so we maintain
a minimum cushion so we can pay bills
yeah there there it is there is a
balance at the end of October
3,782 in this defic
come
so um let's sit there and say 3,700
th000
812 times 055 Eric somewhere in that b
part we say five yeah I think we're
getting the best we've gotten is around
5% okay so if we're at 5% Scott on that
balance if we could keep that balance in
long term it' be
$185,000 in the course of a
year so we're actually a little bit
ahead of that
number so and I was pretty conservative
I think I only budgeted it as 140,00
,000 in
income uh I thought you budgeted it for
a lot less to be really
honest no you did
140,000 so uh five and a half's better
than than zero that we were getting
better than nothing so it's but it's not
it's not what the market is it's working
for us yes
okay okay so we were through the
assessor's office we were through the
tax
collectors we did the tax refunds the
assessor's office the building
department the register of
Voters 79 voters processed 90%
turnout oh let's look at that
um 870 early voters and 26 same day re
uh registrants so
you know
um Wally and and uh Linda do a
tremendous job in that office
um you know we're really lucky to have
the two of them uh they're both very
good they're very good and they care so
we should look at what they requested
from us as far as giving them some
additional space moving forward
especially related to these un funded
mandates by uh the state to sit there
and do this and hopefully they make some
adjustments to it I think early voting
is great I just think maybe they could
make some adjustments to it especially
if small towns like ours um it would
help and we could make them a little bit
more
comfortable yeah I will say straight out
that was a mistake on my part um because
I didn't want to tie up the community
room um and we didn't really have
internet capability at that point in the
community center because we had had
essentially zero people come to early
voting uh the previous three times we've
been forced to I was expecting a much
lower turn turnout and that they would
be essentially sitting there with nobody
showing up so I totally
missed um you know how popular early
voting turned out to be um and I
definitely made the wrong decision um
and leaving them where they were as
opposed to moving them into the the
community room that is definitely a hit
on me well let's there let's sit there
and rectify it next time around and and
do better on it and give them a little
bit more space to conduct that business
and hopefully everybody sits there and
goes and does uh you know the absentee
valot way of moving forward but we'll
see right but okay
um Department of Public Works
Jay provided what they're doing I know
they did some work around the lake
scraping the side of the road to try to
make it better for flow um any questions
for public works for
Eric
okay and that's our last report that we
received from the other
departments so anybody have any question
for any of the Departments for Eric um
transfer station um I was there Saturday
I'm I'm assuming our cardboard dumpster
has been
replaced
uh that's a good question I don't know
it is full and is there a way we can
make sure that we have two people staff
there on
Saturdays we were only at I think it was
just Dominic uh for time on Saturday and
he was overwhelmed the cardboard was
closed and people were dumping huge
boxes in the recycling and it was
jamming it up he was trying to clear it
and it was just he was overwhelmed and
it's just we need two people there on
the
weekends Jeff one of the problems is
there used to be a size on the cardboard
everybody's supposed to cut it I think
it was 18 by but the problem is when
there's one guy and he's over there at
the I know doing other stuff they just
you can't watch everything and these I I
was trying to help them clear the
compactors because it was so backed up
and he was overwhelmed there used to be
a sign up there that it was 18 I think
it was 18 by 24 everybody would cut
their stuff down size it's supposed to
be it would go somebody put a fullsize
TV box in there uncut right ridiculous
it was ridiculous but problem is if
there's two guys there one guy could be
watching the trash and the recyclables
the other guy could
be so it's just we just if we could make
sure somehow by you know I know people
do get sick at last minute and things do
happen but if we know somebody going to
be out if we could get it staffed it
would be be probably helpful we got to
address that size thing Eric I asked Dom
about that every time because everybody
comes up just like Jeff Murray is saying
you know these huge boxes they just
stuff them in there and they just walk
away we have the cardboard dumpster back
and everybody flattens their stuff
that's not an issue but that was right
well and he was just overwhel I mean
there was it was full it was it was
really busy on Saturday and he was
trying to run all the compactors and and
trying to see what people were doing
with bulky and the oil and everything
everything and it was just it was kind
of a it was kind of chaos up there for a
little bit so yeah and speaking of that
I did have a conversation with Dominic I
am planning to have the uh the transfer
station open the day after Christmas
Wednesday is the
25th but when in the past when we've not
had a day between then and the first
Saturday the first Saturday is a
complete you know cluster so um in the
past couple of years we've been trying
to open the the dump one time during the
week so we're going to do it Thursday
the day after Christmas and publicize
that um you
know
um normally we don't get overwhelmed
that weekday but it takes a lot of the
pressure off of the Saturday and I think
it's appropriate to do you know we do
obviously have to pay uh time and a half
um because it is technically a town
holiday so but that's my intention to do
that unless you have a different idea I
guess everybody's going to be off and
we'll be
busy so oh if you're concerned about it
we can staff it with two um I was
planning on only Staffing it with one
but because in the past that's worked
out okay it's just we get so much card
if we have a cardboard dumpster it
probably won't be a problem but yeah we
probably need to get that
tipped make sure it's make sure it's uh
empty for the 26th or Christmas yeah no
doubt no doubt I I would think before
Christmas we need to have everything
dumped you know it probably wouldn't
hurt to have two people there because
with the wrapping paper and people just
dumping things where they're not
supposed to go probably make
sense okay yeah I don't have a problem
with that
all right any other questions uh for any
other
departments okay item 16 correspondence
Anything Eric nope uh one
thing so to the board of Selectmen from
Jed
Larson subject Connecticut General
statutes 824 referral reference the town
letter I sent them requesting it in
reference to a the town of Andover
requested the Planning and Zoning
Commission
review the upcoming replacement of the
bridge on Bunker Hill Road as required
under Connecticut General statutes the
Planning and Zoning commission has
reviewed the proposed Bridge replacement
and has voted that this is consistent
with maintaining a safe high quality
life for the people as discussed and the
current plan of conservation and
development okay thank
you
um by the way J lson is chair person of
the planning zone but he also moderated
the tri board meeting he did a wonderful
job um Jed is Jed is uh very good at
those types of situations so I'd like to
thank him publicly
right um and now we're g to move on to
public speak unless somebody wants to
stop me before I go
there okay uh I'm gonna start with Emily
timri
hi can you hear me
yes um we have a letter from the baa
signed by Al Roy Linda Armstrong and
myself and Al is at of state and Linda
went to the bushill tonight so they
asked me to uh present this the letter
is to address the inaccurate and
inappropriate letter submitted by Eric
Anderson in the packet in the board of
Select meeting dated today in response
to a ba letter that we submitted
November 22nd since this letter is in
the packet published
online and in the meeting agenda this
letter is necessary the letter is under
agenda item 11a and information on page
3637 in the packet once against one once
again there is false information comment
one then a separate appeal where a
member of Emily timri's household
Richard Tim Tim appealed and Emily timri
recused herself this information is
false Richard timri is not part of Emily
timri's household the legal definition
of a household is any individual or
group of individuals living together in
the same address as one economic unit
the false information challenges the
Integrity of the baa comment
two I was incorrect and I should have
stated that a baa member as well as a
family family member of a different baa
member was granted a reduction this is
false information no family member of a
different baa member was granted a
reduction again this false information
challenges the Integrity of the
baa comment three my issues have been
with the process of Taxation and appeal
I believe Reliance on property tax and
Motor Vehicle Tax is inherent unfair
method of Taxation leads to a lot of
problems what is being called a process
is actually Connecticut statutes which
is the law it amazes us that the Town
Administrator does not support or
believe in Connecticut statutes this
lack of support demoralizes the
Integrity of the baa the baa is a
voluntary elected position which is
unpaid the elected position becomes more
difficult job when the town of Andover
administ administrator
publicly disagrees with Connecticut
statutes comment four I am hopeful that
switching to an MSRP with a set
depreciation basis for assessment will
make the motor vehicle assessments more
transparent to everyone in my mind the
only applicable fact will now
be with the MSRP there should be no more
peels based on condition or mileage with
the changes in motor vehicle for next
year the Connecticut statutes will still
allow the taxpayer to appeal and be
heard by the baa if they are agreed the
Town Administrator should not be
providing information to the taxpayers
of this town that eliminates their
rights comment five my opinion that the
role of ba needs to be regionalized to
increase professionalism and eliminate
any inherent conflict this comment
demoralizes the Integrity of the baa
comment six my role is simply to
appraise the board of Selectmen so they
can understand the budget impacts of
decisions made by other boards Board of
assessment appeal decisions have the
right direct impact on the grand list
the baa reductions from the motor
vehicle September reductions were
$869 the recent COC corrections made by
the assessor's office was 4,000
$74 there is more of an issue with the
budget impacts with the assessor's
office Corrections than what was done by
the
ba once again false comments and
opinions made by the Town Administrator
can create false assumptions and Discord
among Andover citizens and duly elected
baa Town officials should strive for
fair and honest information and not
public Discord this behavior shown by
the Town Administrator Eric Anderson is
destructive and decisive and should not
be allowed in a Andover public meeting
the Town Administrator should respect
and enforce the Connecticut statutes and
the baa and not and should not use the B
Board of Select meeting as a means to
criticize elected officials in a
complete disregard of rules of basic
civility this letter is not a true
apology rather an excuse to blame the
Connecticut statutes that he does not
agree with so we're submitting this
letter we would like to include it in
the
minute
okay Diane
grer there we go hello um I just want to
um thank um Bata and Alicia for coming
forward here to um uh want to serve on
the board of Selectmen along with I was
surprised with many people um had thrown
their hats in the ring we had uh John
godman and Steve King a couple weeks ago
a month ago or so uh Dave ganian who um
withdrew tonight and at the RTC meeting
last month we had Kathy der roer and
Leanne Hutchinson had thrown thrown
their names up and again I'm surprised
that's a lot of people that have come
forward to wanted to serve on the board
of Selectmen um and I applaud all of
them I think that's great um but I I
can't help but uh um express my
disappointment with the board of
Selectmen for not being able to decide
um two tie votes here um these are all
great candidates any any one of these um
would would have been a a great um
addition to the board of Selectmen and I
don't know how you guys are going to
solve this two to two all the time um
how many more people do you think are
out there that are going to want to
serve on the board of Selectmen um like
I said there there were several here and
I I don't know how you guys going to do
it but again disappointed that you can't
uh come to some uh decision here so
that's my two cents thank you very
much um Carol
Le I just would like to add that the
members of the Recreation Commission
will be formally logging a written
complaint regarding statements made by
the Town Administrator during the
November 12th Board of Select me meeting
his statements were unprofessional and
untrue even though he stated he wasn't
trying to pick on the rec commission his
accusations proved to the contrary we
believe that the statements made by Our
Town Administrator on a public platform
were disrespectful and an attempt to
cause undue influence on the board of
Selectmen and negatively bias any
Andover resident who was logged into the
meeting we will be sending each member
of the board of Selectmen our letter of
complaint next week M and we would like
our complaint addressed at the January
Board of selecting meeting I would also
like to add on behalf of the registar
voters this was the first time that we
had early voting you received several
thousand dollar in grant money to cover
that we were told to anticipate a very
large turnout so that was not anything
that was a surprise
and they were forced to work in the
basement of the town office building in
cramped conditions and they had set up
the polling booth in the lower
Vault and when a ballast blew out in the
lower
Vault there was I went down and changed
all eight of the light bulbs hoping that
it was a light bulb but it ended up
being a ballast so the people in those
pulling booths were having difficulties
seen and I just wanted to add that being
denied use of a community room that
nobody used during that two week
period was just not
right Liz latch
hi sorry trying to find my mute
um I
I so many so many thoughts um one thing
um about the voting I would uh like to
thank our registers for how they handled
that uh situation I I also felt that the
location of the of the um early voting
was not great especially
considering the um
the charter vote um in that room it was
so small and trying to read all those
questions with all the noise it was so
hard to concentrate um but you know they
did the best with what they had at the
time um so I just want to thank them for
a job well done with you know the
resources that they had um and uh want
to wish everybody a happy holiday and
uh you know get on to next
year all right Shannon
Len nothing to say except thanks for
spending all this time um and doing what
you do for the town Merry Christmas and
happy New
Year
right is Jerry CR on with you Shannon
should he no I tried to change that but
I wasn't able to thanks for asking okay
Joanne Eber
I just wanted to Echo what Diane
grennier had said earlier about um
thanking the two um you know seemingly
qualified candidates for putting their
hat in the ring to join you all on the
board of
Selectmen um you know I too am
disappointed that with all of the good
candidates that have come forward um you
know we all have our favorites but I
just think it's important for the town
that we get another person in there and
just you know disappointed that we can't
do that yet but more a little bit
disappointed that we waited tonight and
I I felt like they deserved a little bit
more of an explanation
of I understand the vote went on and it
was two to two but then we dropped it I
we didn't hear what was going to happen
next or what your plans were and it just
kind of abruptly switched and went to
the next agenda item and I just think
they you do a good job it's just I
thought they deserve just a little more
of an explanation of what's coming next
so thank
you uh Leanne
Hutchinson I'm all I'm all set thanks
okay Alicia
Lee I'm all set thank
you okay um Bob
hamburger I'm fine thanks okay and then
um
I have a phone number I'm not sure I
think it's uh ends in
4294 I'm all set thank you okay uh did I
miss
anyone anybody want to add to the their
comments or no okay um I'd like to wish
everyone a happy holiday uh enjoy and
happy New Year so enjoy the rest of the
this season and um I'm looking forward
to next year so anybody
else no then I'll make a motion to
adjourn second that and second that all
in favor I all right thank you very much
everyone Merry Christmas Mer Merry
Christmas Merry Christmas to everyone
okay
wait
okay and meeting